[Music]
hey guys what's going on it's lefty from
6-4-3 Productions coming at you here
with a modern warfare 3 team deathmatch
gameplay commentary and I just watched a
video on YouTube and this is no I am NOT
going to name the person and and
literally this just happened and I and I
feel like I have to record this and I'm
gonna say right now I'm not calling out
this person for reasons I will get into
I'm not calling out this YouTube where I
am not calling out this player I am NOT
I am NOT trying to say that you should
do anything with respect to them and and
that is why I'm going to choose not to
name them this is not my attempt to
start drama again this has this has
little to nothing to do with the
specific youtuber / player in this
instance but I just watched it was about
a three and a half maybe four and a half
minute gameplay I forget exactly how
long it was off the top of my head and I
just watched a gameplay where this this
commentator was quite literally and this
isn't an exaggeration this isn't a
falsification this is not me me creating
the false truth is about about what was
happening this actually happened laying
in the back of the map I believe it was
interchange with a sniper rifle for the
entire the entire gameplay three and a
half four and a half minutes again that
was the about the length the only time
the only time that this person was not
laying in the back of the map was when
they were running to and from their
spawn or from their spawn and I think
they only died once so there is only one
instance and and obviously at the
beginning of the gameplay so two
instances where this person is number
one moving
number two not laying down at the back
of the map and so when I was watching
this I was thinking to myself wow this
is getting pretty unabashed and of
course it was a high kill count game and
and that was the point of it and I was I
was looking at I said wow this is pretty
Anna just is getting bad its unabashed
or unabashedly you say it I had Wow okay
and this isn't and I and I thought about
it and while I was watching and I said I
said to myself wow this video is
probably going to get this video alone
is probably going to get more likes than
any of my videos this week and all of my
videos this week combined neo pick out a
seven day period guarantee you this
video out likes each all of my videos in
that in that time frame and the same
goes for views now again this isn't
about jealousy you know I I know it
looks like that
but let me tell you right now that this
is not about jealousy or at least this
isn't strictly about jealousy I can
understand very easily where the jealous
angle comes from but my point more is
this I say if that is what it takes
nowadays if that is what is indicative
of YouTube success if that is what you
need to do if that is if that hinges in
any way if that kind of game play if
that kind of content in any way hinges
your success on YouTube then fuck this
community fuck it I'm serious and maybe
it's just to call a duty community maybe
it's just the cod side of YouTube maybe
it's just the little kids I don't know
but if that and for those of you that
know what I'm talking about you know
what I'm saying
if that gameplay in any way is
indicative of what it takes on YouTube
or what what you need to do then fuck
this community I'm in the wrong business
because this community is fucked
that is ridiculous I'm not gonna link
the gameplay I'm not gonna tell you who
the commentator is or who
YouTube personality is I'm not gonna do
it because I actually do understand and
respect him and like I said this isn't
about them this isn't about YouTube
drama you know I watch a lot of confused
Matthew movie reviews and for those of
you that don't know who confused Matthew
is he's uh he gets really into
critiquing movies movies that he doesn't
like he doesn't do every movie it's only
in particular movies that that catch his
ire and he gets really into ragging on
these movies and and just breaking them
down and critiquing them to no end and
one of the things he or he always says
though
or at least he has said it multiple
times is that even though he harps so
bad on movies and how bad they might be
and how awful they are at cetera etc he
says even though he does that he tries
not to critique personally the actors
because from his point of view the
actors are only doing what they were
hired to do you cannot get mad at an
actor for doing what they were hired to
do even though that what they what they
did does not match up with what the the
character would they play were supposed
to do were supposed to feel like and so
you can't get really mad at them if for
that because they were just doing what
they were hired to do that was that's
the fault of the director the casting
agent and the the caster and people like
that that's their fault for not hiring
the right person for not getting the
right tool you don't get mad at the 5/8
wrench when you wanted to get a quarter
inch wrench you don't get mad at the 5/8
wrench it's not the 5/8 wrench fault and
so that's how I view this with the
commentator and the personality in
question again I'm not gonna name them
and I'm not gonna I'm not here trying to
start drama with them that they do what
they do but from my perspective I'm
talking about the YouTube community that
video that game play is going to be very
very well received and if that's the
case if that is what it takes nowadays
in this community then fuck it just fuck
it
cuz that's that is something I'm not
prepared to do and again like I said
maybe it's just the call of duty side of
YouTube maybe it's not that way
everywhere but Wow
just just wow
but anyway guys that's my time I got to
get out of here thank you for joining I
hope you enjoyed hey how about we start
out on a new leaf
let's let's take a run at likes so I
don't feel as bad about that video just
demolishing me in terms of likes how
about everybody liked this video up if
you did enjoy again I hope you did enjoy
be sure to let me know what you guys
think in the comments below hit that
favorite button also if you want to
check out the description there's a
bunch of links to all my past videos go
ahead check them out there's also links
to my Twitter page twitter.com slash
lefty 643 and also my twitch.tv page
www.twitch.tv/esa go ahead and check
that out hit the follow button there
that way that is where I will be
live-streaming and you won't miss a beat
of the lefty live streams if you go
there twitch.tv slash lefty 6 for 3
thank you guys for joining I hope you
enjoy it again be sure to rate that like
button I'm out